Metrics are the measurement of an action.
Metrics are the way you understand if your intuition is right.
Metrics allow you to understand how users are using your products.
Metrics help you know if users are happy with your product.

They give us real data about what customers are doing.
If a certain metric isn’t where we want it to be, we can set a goal for it, make a product change, and re-measure the metric to see if our change helped.

Metrics lets us figure out what is going on with our product. It is real data about your product what customers are doing with our product and how their behavior changes over time.
If certain metric isn’t where you want to be then -
Set a goal
Make changes to product
Remeasure

Also if we are falling short of a metric , we make hypothesis and make changes to our product and come back and remeasure.

How do you use Metrics ?
	1 - Establish a base line
	2 - Determine a course of action - What actions do you have to take to move that metric 				from base line to a positive direction
	3 - Build a business case - How much you have to take that action to move that metrics. 				This is hypothesis at this time , so you have to go and do that thing (action) then 				evaluate success.
	4 - Evaluate success - Because of doing X moved my metric from baseline to  Y and learn 		from that and you decide whether to continue moving forward with that action or 				pivot from that action to a different action.
	5 - Move forward using data
  
  Metrics are Tiered :
	Company metric : If users are happy, finding value also revenue	
	Product: Success metrics.	Features: Feature success metric and the metrics that contribute to completing that step.

To improve a success metric, you might focus on a feature-level metric.  E.g., you might need to get more people downloading your app so that you can get more people completing the core action.

Vanity vs Actionable Metrics:
Vanity : Good but don’t help you  decide what to do next
Actionable : Metrics that helps us understand what a customer is doing.
